Ping monitoring tutorial (#3873)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Standard_Apps/Monitoring_Solutions/Ping_Monitoring/Tutorial_Apps_Ping_Monitoring_App.md

1. click the *Deploy* button.

   > [!TIP]
   > See [Deploying a Catalog item](xref:Deploying_a_catalog_item).

1. Go to the root page of your DataMiner System and check if the tool has been added:

   ![DMS root page](~/user-guide/images/DMAroot-PingMonitoring.png)

   If you do not know where to find the homepage URL, open <https://dataminer.services/> in a browser, and copy the URL or click the *Home* button.

   ![dataminer.services](~/user-guide/images/dataminerservices-PingMonitoring.png)

1. Open the Ping Monitoring tool.

   This is what the application will look like:

   ![Ping Monitoring UI](~/user-guide/images/brand_new_destinations-PingMonitoring.png)

> [!TIP]
> See also: [Ping Monitoring UI overview](xref:Ping_Monitoring_UI)

## Step 2: Create a new group

Groups are used to organize the destinations configured in the application. Destinations that belong to the same group share the same properties that differentiate them from other destinations.

1. In the Ping Monitoring tool, go to the *Groups* page.

1. In the header bar, click *Create Group*.

   This will open a pop-up window.

> 1. 

Reviewer: In a tutorial, we're supposed to provide detailed step-by-step instructions with a clear example so users can get a feel for how something works. However, these details are currently missing in your tutorial. I've started adding more detailed instructions, but from this point onwards I'll need input from you. Could you add detailed instructions with what users should fill in so that they get a working example in their system?

Carry out the following steps for each one of the destinations above:

1. In the Ping Monitoring tool, go to the *Destinations* page.

1. In the header bar, click *Add Destination*.

1. Select the *Demo* group.

1. Specify the address and description in the corresponding boxes.

1. Click *Add Destination*.

![new destination](~/user-guide/images/Create_New_Destination-PingMonitoring.gif)

> [!TIP]
> See also: [Adding a new destination](xref:Ping_Monitoring_managing_groups_destinations#adding-a-new-destination).

## Step 4: Analyze the results

When you have configured the destinations, the application will update to display the results of the latest test cycles.

1. In the *Destinations* table, take a look at the values in the following columns:

   - *Ping Result*: The amount of time passed from the moment DataMiner sent the command to the moment it received the reply from each destination, e.g. *4 ms*.
   - *Cycle packet loss*: The percentage of lost packets during the last ping cycle, e.g. *0.00 %*. By default, the application sends 4 packets in every cycle, configurable for each destination.

   These values can help you monitor network congestion and detect outages.

> 1. If you are a member of the DevOps Program, take a screenshot of the *Destinations* table (similar to the one below), ensuring all columns are clearly visible, and send it to TBD to get DevOps Points.

Reviewer: Previously, this mentioned to upload the screenshot, but it didn't say where. For most tutorials, we ask to send an email, so I think we'd best do that in this case too, but where should it be sent to? (See for example [Anomaly Detection tutorial](https://docs.dataminer.services/user-guide/Basic_Functionality/Alarms/Working_with_alarms/Advanced_analytics_features/Tutorials/Anomaly_Detection_Tutorial.html#step-7-final-exercise).)

> 1. If you are a member of the DevOps Program, take a screenshot of the *Destinations* table (similar to the one below), ensuring all columns are clearly visible, and send it to TBD to get DevOps Points.

Reviewer: If the screenshot should be uploaded on Dojo, I'd suggest this alternative: 
```suggestion
1. If you are a member of the DevOps Program, take a screenshot of the *Destinations* table (similar to the one below), ensuring all columns are clearly visible, and upload it on the [Kata page on DataMiner Dojo](https://community.dataminer.services/courses/kata-47/).
```
